that's pretty quick quick look here at
and I shall a comparison between the
pictures created with sorry experience
it one and pictures created with note 3
so this is an actual pictures i got it
from gsmarena and check it out also
there and here we see that ok i want
zooming so we see that the resolution
has to be different my phone cannot
reproduce the few potential but I what I
mean come on boys the complex is the
same everything is the same so yeah the
first picture is created which not three
I've also made a review body but also
like to make a comparison between these
two so i will just zooming i'll just
fully zoom in and just show ok fully
zooming at the reitz downside of the
phone right bottom side of the file we
see that the image looks a bit distorted
here we see that the wise looks well
wish but it's not it's not like it's not
like something is it started and just to
be distorted just a bit scruffy how can
explain it to you you can pretty much
series ok you see it you see these gifts
distortion white balance while light
looks you wish let's see what's going on
here on this picture number right side
ok I just zoom in at full and we see
that white looks pretty much the same
well wish but I see some like you see
some kind of pixels missing here and
this side of the phone just a bit not so
scary but a bit distorted
so here we get here is the store that
like here is distorted and here the
image looks like pixelated to the I
don't know how to explain just a bit
like pixelated and here the image looks
come on boy here the image looks just a
bit skivvies let's so let's go to eat
this is a zit one picture let's go to
the level actually let me just see
something okay let's go to the logo it
looks pretty a wish here and and scuffy
hand like me to store it mmm for the
first one I'm not pretty sure for a set
of off when probably sorry sprays it one
month for the first comparison so let me
just show you how this looks like had a
lot of some sort of course it's not the
same it's not the same right conditions
oh that's kind of good not so bad it's a
bit different of course not make a
comparison so let me just so let me just
the latest picture Cuba and I'd like to
show you the actual icons on the actual
graph course environment isn't a pretty
different but ok movies icon you see
that a blue here just looks how you can
find out how it looks like you see the
icons and the extra side for a movie so
let's go to the Samsung complications
you see I'm not sure who is winning here
here the image looks more like scuffy
you see skew like yeah pick selected
that can looks kind of good the
background
I don't know pretty much the same here
we see that is not that scary just more
like distorted so let's go to the sea
wide by once white here looks when i
zoom it fully white looks a bit low Leo
is not so much yeah wish and when i zoom
it here Wow white balance is Beth here
ok bye-bye little bit because it looks
really yellow let me just go to finally
see d let me see what can I ok the
actual screen I'll just zooming and full
ok 1050 you see how the image looks and
I will just move to I cannot find
difference here okay I cannot find
difference you should decide I think
that z2 is winning at white balance at
low white of course image here is
created in a bit low light conditions
but you see I think that even in lower
collisions it makes better pictures not
pretty sure hmm damage looks really
stuffy here and you should decide to
yourself nice ok that was a quick
comparison between the Sony Xperia z1
pictures and not through pictures and
that's also mismatch drop sets to catch
a late whistle